# Please describe the projects that you worked on so far. How closely does the work match your skills and interests? What has gone well? What do you feel you need to work on during the second half of your internship?

## A high level description of your project (1-2 sentences): 

My internship project aims at pushing forward the boundary of pose estimation performance by leveraging pseudo-labels generated by massive amount of unlabeled video data. Without modifying the architecture and training methods, and without using more annotations, we try to generate new knowledge by exploiting the continuity of keypoint movement in videos. 


## Important tasks, notes, pixelcloud, and so on that provide detail on your project and progress: 

+ GitHub repo: [link](https://github.com/likenneth/HR) (ping `keli22` if you do not have access to it!)
+ Project documentary: [link](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1LSn5wX6kxc6obP4nBXhUyewhPLZ4qhIYrKYnGWywT3I/edit?usp=sharing)
+ Slides: [05/17/22](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1GZBAbITCrWFrbf49oDdQComd2O3qC9ZJoWj_jSQ8Ri0/edit?usp=sharing), [05/31/22](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/19LbrV1KyrP1M0SPCFTmpAPU-9pJkyrCYrUESjeDIw_A/edit?usp=sharing), [06/14/22](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/19DxT_vASPwnFbgsCJQyLHvqNte3Wx4c1MBrnrRzKvOM/edit?usp=sharing)

## Significant accomplishments, performance highlights or project milestones: 

+ Visualized the distribution differences of human poses among different datasets, to serve as a safety check for the project idea.
+ Reproduced results of HRNet (a pose estimation architecture) trained on whole and $20\%$ of COCO dataset (a labelled pose estimation dataset). Code base can be extended quickly to other methods. 
+ Verified results of CorrTrack (a pose tracking model) given checkpoint on PoseTrack21 dataset. Perused the code and visualized the results. 
+ By swapping in a stronger person detection model, raised mAP on PoseTrack21 from $72.2$ to $77.6$. 
+ Created a baseline psuedo-label generation pipeline by not considering temporal continuity on FineGym (a large-scale unlabelled video dataset). On the smaller benchmark with $20\%$ of COCO, performance is raised from $73.2$ to $74.5$ by adding FineGym pseudo-labels. Training on full COCO plus FineGym underway. 

## How closely does the project match your skills and interests (1-2 sentences): 

It matches my skills and knowledge about the task of human pose estimation, that I gained by working on a former first-author CVPR paper. I have always had an interest in human pose estimation by being repetitively amazed by the poor performances of current SOTA models, when trying to run off-the-shelf model for other down-stream projects. 

## Performance Axes:

Highlight 1-3 specific examples where you demonstrated strengths. Honestly reflect on any axes where you believe there is room for growth and development.

### Productivity

+ Strength example 1: quickly solved various environment issues when trying to reproduce CorrTrack, and extracting pseudo-labels

### Quality of Work

+ Strength example 1: improved ways to get input vector to PCA after getting feedbacks from Du Tran (manager)

### Communication and Collaboration

+ Strength example 1: reach out to peer Weiyao about solving environment issues related to MMCV package
+ Strength example 2: reach out to peer Weiyao Wang and labmate Pierre Gleize (FTE) about learning SuperPoint model; reach out to labmate Hao Tang (FTE) about learning SPARK model (a bounding box tracking model)
+ Room for improvement 1: as pointed out in weekly meetings, I should haved prepared more slides for meeting and update peers with the general background of the project. I have also known this weakness during previous internship and reseach at school, I should definitely put an emphasis on putting myself into others' shoes at sync meeting.

### Learning Speed

+ Strength example 1: quickly picked up knowledge on SuperPoint, bounding box tracking, and pose tracking

### Initiative and Independence

+ Strength example 1: proposed the general that we have to exploit temporal continuity to generate new knewledge, otherwise it is hard to raise performance; think up the technical details of smoothing in heatmap space to be seperated from coordinate space smoothing literature

+ Strength example 2: by visualizing tracking results and looking into the technical details of CorrTrack, think about replacing pose tracking with simpler bounding box tracking

# How has your overall experience been so far this term? What did you like most, least?

FAIR, or Meta in general, has a more connected working environment, which I like a lot, compare to other work places that I have worked in. The design of office lay-out and seat allocation conduced greatly to it.

PIXAR, the group I am interning in, has some of the best researchers in that field, and they work closely so that I find myself learning a lot from my manager, peers, labmates and peer interns.

Though a great job has been done to automize most supporting services, i.e. extensive docs on most questions I have in mind, when there are questions I need to contact people to solve, I am looking for quicker responses. 